How do you apply the principle of building a relationship with your boss when
your boss doesn't value relationships,
for example,
he consistently avoids interactions that don't lead directly to a deliverable on
a current objective.
He avoids all other interactions such as those that are for the purpose of
building relationships and chemistry within the team.
Okay.
What would I do in that situation?
Both than,
again,
obviously what I would do is I would build a relationship based on deliverable,
current objectives,
right?
If that's what he's into,
I'm going to make that happen.
Like I'm going to be the guy that he thinks can get this to happen and that's
what our relationship is going to be based on and I'm fine with that.
When he wants to talk about work,
I will talk about work.
I had bosses like that.
I had plenty of bosses like that and what do you do when your boss is like that
and play the game like,
okay,
we're going to you.
Let's just make this happen.
Let's do this
now let me say this beat because he isn't personable.
Okay.
This means that you have to be more personable,
not so much with him,
but with the rest of the team,
because there's a lacking element within the team that you as a good team player
and team member and leader,
whether you're in a positional leadership or just a human leader,
you can improve the team by building a,
some of that human connection that bonds the team more so.
Even though my boss is in personable and is just about the business and just
about the current objective,
that's fine with me.
I'm going to do my best to support him and make him realize that I'm going to
got the guy that's going to make those objectives work and I'm going to build
the human connection with the rest of the team,
which will make our team stronger.
Now,
I'm not going to offend my boss by being the guy that is more popular than him.
[inaudible] some people have some,
some people that have the attitude that this individual's talking about.
What would you call this person?
I'm just just like 100% work-focused.
So if I got a guy that's 100% work-focused sometimes that kind of boss finds the
person that wants to chat.
Annoying.
Yeah.
Right.
Unknowing
which is possible.
So you don't want to,
you don't want to be,
you don't want to annoy the boss and he thinks all this,
all this guy joggle he just wants to build friends.
He's not here to work.
No,
you've gotta be careful about that.
And I,
and the weird thing is honestly I'm very work focused.
I'm very work focused and I have to like,
I don't want to really have to do any more,
but I used to like,
I'd have to consciously think about,
okay,
on top of actually I still do have to do it sometimes.
You know,
like I have to consciously think about like,
okay,
I also need to like be nice and build relationship with the person that I've
don't normally interact with.
Right.
So you,
you do have to do that.
So formed the relationship with the rest of the team,
the good relationship,
and then from the best relationship that you can with the boss and that is going
to help the whole team.
That's it.
It's as simple as that.
And I'll say one more thing about this.
You don't get to pick your leader.
Generally.
You don't get to pick your leader,
but you can pick the relationship that you have with your leader.
Yeah.
So what you're leaders into,
let's get in the game.
Let's build a good relationship.
Once again,
if someone's out there thinking,
oh,
so you just want me to kiss ass.
What I'm saying is not that I want you to kiss ass,
I'm singing.
I want you to win.
That's what I'm saying.
Because the better relationship you build with your boss,
the more influence you have over them,
the better chance you have of getting promoted,
the better chance you have of accomplishing the mission and taking care of your
team.
That's the way it works.
Why do I want to get promoted so I can get more money for myself?
No,
I want to get promoted so I can do the mission so I can take care of my team.
That's why I want to get promoted.
If it was just about like taking care of myself,
I wouldn't go work for this guy.
I'd go find another job and pick a different boss.
Cause you do get to pick your boss,
you can quit your job,
quit your day job.
So that's what you do.
You build that relationship hard as it is.
Good.
So
yeah,
that's a good point.
With the d with the kind of,
the details of it where you can't just start trying to chat the guy up.
No he's not.
He doesn't like that.
Yeah.
No one does actually.
Even if you're a social person,
but you're,
let's say you're just focused on something,
you know,
and I don't know,
you're focusing on and your friend calls you and you're like,
oh well they called me.
It might be important.
Meanwhile,
yeah.
And they're telling you about,
you know,
the episode of whatever last night and you're like,
Bro,
I'm working right now,
but I don't watch TV.
Tell me again.
Oh yeah.
Night night,
you're going to step step further than I had in mind.
But I'm just saying that that's annoying no matter who you are.
So if you're thinking,
you know,
this boss is like,
he,
he doesn't like to quote unquote build,
build relationships and like all this stuff,
he's only been,
you're gonna you run that risk of annoying him.
Big Step back dichotomy,
that dichotomy.
But there's little,
and usually it has to do with time too,
you know.
So if you go in and you just go,
just little digs of like relationship building stuff but not,
don't take,
don't go in there and be like,
hey,
did you catch the game last night?
Didn't do that stuff.
I don't care.
I can stuff.
But you know,
I dunno.
Nice tie,
boom out,
you know,
kind of thing.
I Dunno.
Don't say nice time.
I don't know.
Next question.
The guy that's high level worker does not want to hear about his tie is not care
about his tie.
Yeah.
But that actually is noise a lot of,
but yeah,
and,
and I don't know,
I haven't been in the corporate scenario.
I think my whole life,
but yes.
So I don't know,
that just seemed like something on the movies they made so long thing about your
shirt that wasn't corporate though the night club.
But yeah,
leadership.
Yeah,
same cut for sure.
And the point is there's things you can say that don't take up his time and
necessarily his full attention to annoy him that you can say or do.
That's what I'm saying.
I don't know what that is cause I don't,
I don't,
I don't work with you guys.